okay this is the Dino cook pick as you
can see it's a great law pick it works
awesome you'd be completely surprised
with it
I got I paid twenty seven twenty to get
a chef two to three days and it came in
two days I was I was impressed and as
soon as I got this I was so excited
it's very simple its easiest even if you
don't know how how to la Peck it comes
with the little small instructions that
you'd understand quickly or you can also
watch this video or need to understand
how you do it I'll try my best to
explain it in details so nice three
things it looks like a pen so it's
pretty much easy to carry around it's
got the clip and here's where comes in
if you loosen this up a little bit and
then pull it out then tighten it does it
spring-loaded and then there's the rake
now you want to get the tension wrench
out the clip is actually a tension
wrench
so you unscrew it a little bit and then
you can pull it right out this tension
wrench just tighten this up okay now
that you have both tools see this hump
right here you want to get this home to
face towards the pins so now as you can
see his door is long so you put this in
I'm gonna get it in there but you don't
want to force tension tension on it okay
so you put the pick in and then you want
to bring it back and forth up and down
and if you feel first time as of here
you can simply release and you'll hear
the pins click that'll tell you if you
have it on the right way so bring it
down a little bit
so you just want to keep doing this and
then it'll unlock now you can put this
away
pull up your door take out your tension
wrench
Oh
the doors open right now to put this
back in you just loosen it up push back
in and tighten it
make sure everything's tight data and
take a look here basically just went
through with an easy walk you can also
use the dollar Quick Pick for things
like these these locks these are pretty
good it take does take some practice but
I can probably show some more videos if
any house you're interested but you can
also unlock these keys or most likely
what it does is it opens up all of these
right here all these loggers will open
up with this one key so to bring down so
now that it would be down then you can
basically switch mail right let's go
every way up so the diner Quick Pick is
our great-great use you can use it for
anything basically you can also pick
automobile cars some you can't pick all
since they're double-sided keys again it
looks it looks just like a pen so in
case you want to bring it with you
somewhere it's handy it's very small and
again it's only twenty seven twenty the
website to visit is lockpick shop calm
the website is ello ck p i-- ck sh o p
calm that's lockpick shop and you can
just simply search up dino quick pic
click with the tank instead of a cue and
that's Dino quick quick so pretty simple
all right
[Music]